[THEME MUSIC]
>>SÉBASTIEN MARTIN:
Those technologies
are so advanced
that sometimes it
requires more than just
being humans to use them.
They've been able to
go through portals
and travel onto other
worlds from the US.
Those alien beings working
with the SSP in Australia
were in control.
The SSP was not in control.
They were actually
helping the SSP
to navigate through the cosmos
using their own technology.
The cosmic maps allows you to
navigate through the cosmos,
but also breaking the
barriers of space and time.
>>JOSH GOLEMBESKE: This is
a roadmap to the universe,
but also showing you
where the portals
are that you can jump in and
out and go where you want.
>>MARTIN: That's right.
Wow.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JOSH: What if world
governments aren't just
hiding extraterrestrial
contact but actively
cooperating with them?
Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
joined by Sébastien Martin,
a former multinational CEO
in remote viewing
experiencer, to explore
what global intelligence
networks and secret alliances
with ETs reveal about
who's really in control.
I'm Josh Golembeske, MUFON field
investigator and your guest host
today.
Sébastien, welcome
back to the show.
>>MARTIN: Well, thank you very
much for having me back again.
>>JOSH: Now, Sébastien, with
your various interactions
with different intelligence
operatives around the world,
have you noticed any
reoccurring patterns when
it comes to the ET reality?
>>MARTIN: Yes, of course.
Lately speaking, I
was communicating
with agents working
for the CIA and also
for the SSP, sometimes
agents from the CIA works
for the SSP and vice versa.
So what happened was those
guys are literally telling me
that they are working
with alien technology,
but in order to work with them
and to be able to use them
they have to have enough
knowledge about themselves
and about the
technology otherwise,
the machines won't
be functional.
But they are human beings.
However, they have
knowledge not just
to make them function
because they are either
engineers or specialty engineers
or agents in the field,
doesn't matter what it is.
At the end of the day,
those technologies
are so advanced
that sometimes it
requires more than just
being humans to use them
even if they are
accessible to humans.
So for that purpose, the
Pleiadians, for example,
have unlocked certain
components within those agents
so they can actually
use those machines
and help the governments
they work for.
So that's just one aspect of it.
For example, they've
been using Stargates,
so they own Stargates
within the US.
They've been able to
go through portals
and travel around to
other worlds from the US
and using those technologies
within those agencies.
But those people
are usually hybrids,
so they know they're
hybrids, but they're also
working for the government.
A regular person,
like a regular agent,
would not be able to go through
those Stargates, for example.
>>JOSH: I understand.
So there's various countries
and intelligence apparatuses
around the world all
sharing the same problems,
and working with
the same species.
They've all come to
the same conclusion
that they need hybrids to help
access some of these tracks
like a portal.
>>MARTIN: That's correct, yes.
Not just hybrids,
for example, we
talked in the past about
the Stargates in Iraq
and how the SSP
engineers were working
and the scientists were working
with Stargate for those Anunnaki
beings to come through.
So the SSP was already
working with those beings
or communicating
with them, at least.
But I don't believe
that they were
going through the portals
of the Stargates themselves.
>>JOSH: Oh, OK.
>>MARTIN: It was only
basically one access for them
and that's it.
But in Australia,
for example, when
I worked with the
intelligence officers there,
there was one
officer in particular
who was picked and chosen
to work for the SSP there.
And he was telling
me stories about what
he was doing with those ETs
that they were physically
interacting with for fun.
>>JOSH: For fun?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, just to learn.
So, for example,
there was one race
in particular that was a stick,
a stick that looked like a broom
stick with arms and legs.
And they were like
yellowish, pretty much
like the same ones that were
held at the Sandia Labs facility
that I talked about in
the previous episode.
And when I was working with
those people, what came out
of that was those alien
beings working with the SSP
in Australia were in control,
the SSP was not in control.
>>JOSH: In control of
what, the relationship?
>>MARTIN: They were pretty much
controlling the relationship.
So if they decided we don't
want to work for you anymore,
we go and there's nothing that
those agents could have done.
>>JOSH: And we're still talking
about the stick beings here?
>>MARTIN: We're still talking
about the stick beings, yes.
But they had access to
knowledge and information
on basically agendas, same
as the Draco Reptilians
or the Pleiadians,
but they were sharing
other types of
information and knowledge
on reverse engineering.
Same idea as the Pleiadians,
but on a different level.
And so Australia has
access to technology
that is shared within the
Five Eye organization.
So they are sharing information
and intelligence information
to do with that as well.
>>JOSH: The Five Eye's
just for the audience
is Australia, New Zealand, US?
>>MARTIN: Yep.
>>JOSH: France?
>>MARTIN: France is not
part of it, UK and Canada.
>>JOSH: UK and Canada.
That's right.
>>MARTIN: But France does
participate within the Five Eye
organizations, but are
not officially registered,
but they do still
share information.
>>JOSH: Great.
Well, I have to know more
about these stick beings
before we go deeper.
This is new, I've never
heard of this before.
It's super fascinating.
So can you just more describe,
I see a stick figure in my head,
can you give me
any more than that?
What their face look like?
What are their eyes?
They're 3D, it's not like 2D,
>>MARTIN: They are 3D, yes.
>>JOSH: --walking around in--
>>MARTIN: Yes, they're 3D
beings, they are 6 foot tall.
That's pretty tall.
But at the same time, they have
just like a slit for their mouth
and a seat for their eyes,
and so they can open wide.
So you can imagine a few inches
wide and just gulp things up,
and then it goes into whatever
digestive system they have
and which must be
very intricate,
but at the same time limited.
But at the same time, those
beings are super telepathic.
They can also use
telekinesis, so they
can move objects and stuff like
that as well from a distance.
They seem to have had
a lot of knowledge
and ancient knowledge
about the universe, mostly,
and that's what they were
sharing with the SSP.
They were sharing informations
on cosmic maps, for example.
So not so much about
our world, even
if we are part of the cosmos
and we are on the map.
But they were actually
helping the SSP
to navigate through the cosmos
using their own technology.
So that was their main purpose.
>>JOSH: Do you know
where they're from?
>>MARTIN: I don't know.
I have no idea.
>>JOSH: Are they benevolent?
Sounds like they are.
>>MARTIN: Yes, they
were benevolent.
And at the same time
they were powerful.
They didn't look
like threatening.
They didn't seem to have
come with an agenda,
but the SSP knew that they
had an agenda of their own.
They just didn't know
quite what it was.
They didn't know if they had
an alliance with other races.
They were not part of
the Galactic Alliance.
>>JOSH: Oh, that's interesting.
>>MARTIN: And they had
no connections to Earth,
and they had no soul
contacts with human beings.
So the question as to
why they were there,
it came out as they were only
there to help us with the maps.
>>JOSH: Just the maps.
>>MARTIN: Just the maps.
>>JOSH: How do we make
contact with them originally?
>>MARTIN: I don't know.
I don't know that part.
I got involved
into a mission that
was involving the
SSP in Australia,
and then those stories came up.
So I didn't really
know the full details
on how those beings were,
where they came from.
I only knew glimpses of stories
like that of these people
knowing that they work with
the Australian government.
So the maps are quite
interesting to me
because I heard this as well.
And I remote viewed
the cosmic maps before.
So I understand how that works,
especially for the Pleiadians
or from the Pleiadians
perspective.
So I know this is accessible
to more than just one race,
obviously.
>>JOSH: The maps themselves
are accessible by more
than one race, is that
what you're saying?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
And the cosmic maps allow you
to navigate through the cosmos,
but also breaking the
barriers of space and time.
So you can use it
as a time traveler.
You can go back in a specific
region or portal in space
to go back to an actual
time or specific time
on Earth or elsewhere.
>>JOSH: Really?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>JOSH: Well, this
is correlating
with other recent whistleblowers
who've come on cosmic.
So this is a roadmap
to the universe,
but also showing you
where the portals
are that you can jump in and
out and go where you want.
>>MARTIN: That's right.
>>JOSH: Wow.
Did they talk about
also traveling in time
through these portals or just
moving through present time?
>>MARTIN: No.
All sorts of times.
Each portal has a different
specific location and time.
And this is very
complex to the cosmos.
And it can be accessed through--
it's like an elastic
band, you can stretch it.
So a mothership
can go through it
or one person can go through it
depending on what is the need.
So each one of
those access points
can be stretched
to on demand based
on whatever is confronted
through that portal.
So you go in front
of it, and then
the portal
automatically knows what
is the requirement for space
and size to come through.
>>JOSH: Wow.
I don't want to go
into too many details,
but this is like paralleling
another conversation I just had.
This is really,
really fascinating.
Do you know if these
portals are engineered
or they're just naturally
in the universe?
>>MARTIN: Both.
>>JOSH: Both?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
So they are both
portals, they are
portals that are man-made
using ancient technologies
that the Pleiadians, even
the Dracos have created.
And then there are also some
natural portals in space
that were analyzed,
identified pretty much
the same way as we would
identify stars in the cosmos
with our telescopes.
And we can just say, OK,
we can identify this one
and put a name to it.
They have the same ability
with portals in space
and see how they react.
They can go through it, come
to a certain time and space
and location, and then go
back using a different portal
because the same portal
can be used twice.
>>JOSH: Once you go in
once, it shuts down forever?
>>MARTIN: It's a one way portal.
So when you go
through a portal, it
brings you back to a specific
time and space into a location.
So let's say the Pleiadians
come from the future,
they want to go back to
planet Earth let's say 200 BC
or whatever.
And then they want to
go back to that time,
they have to use a different
portal to go back to that time.
They can't use the same
portal they came in through.
>>JOSH: Wow.
That's really,
really fascinating.
So the portal is still there.
When they go through
it, it's still there.
They just can't exit that same
portal is what you're saying?
>>MARTIN: That's correct.
>>JOSH: Thanks for the clarity.
And what is the closest
portal to Earth?
>>MARTIN: There
are some on Earth.
Lots of portals
on Earth directly.
>>JOSH: They talk about
Stargates or just something
different?
>>MARTIN: No portals.
I mean, we have portals
all over the planet.
Like, if you go to Peru alone,
you can see those portals.
They have-- shaped
basically doorways
on walls that can be activated.
So you can go through that.
We don't have the technology
to do that, but local shamans,
and I talked to one of them
recently like a week ago,
that told me that they
go through those portals
because they can activate
it through frequencies,
but it's a one way street.
So they usually don't go all
in, they just put their heads
through it, and then they can
see what's on the other side
and they can feel the energy
from it, whatever it is.
But I think it's like a
different way of activating it,
I guess, from what it used
to be used in the past
or how it used to
be used in the past.
So yes, there are many, many
portals on planet Earth,
even into the ocean, above
the ocean, in the air,
they are so many places.
>>JOSH: Wow.
And these shamans,
I mean, I imagine
that they don't have
advanced technology,
they must be using consciousness
in some way to activate it.
>>MARTIN: Yes, that's correct.
>>JOSH: And they just
peer in for a second.
>>MARTIN: Pure meditation,
consciousness, and vibrations.
>>JOSH: Oh, wow.
And then did they
tell you what they
saw on the other side
of any of these portals?
>>MARTIN: They tried to
connect to the Pleiades mainly.
They truly believe that
they are connected to that.
People, especially
first nations,
have direct connections to other
races, like the Pleiadians,
for example, even in
Canada, on Vancouver Island,
where I reside, they
have connections directly
to the Pleiades.
And yet, they don't
look white people.
They're not white people.
But that's basically
my knowledge
on portals to know how many
they are around the planet
and how many are used
by our governments.
I don't know that either.
What I know is that
there are governments
and for those that
have been working with,
mainly, they've been
using man-made portals,
within certain facilities,
and that's what they use.
I've never seen them using
natural portals on the planet.
>>JOSH: Sébastien, you're
obviously a French national,
right?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>JOSH: We don't
hear about France
too much in the world of UFOs
and secret space programs.
We have the famous
COMETA report back
in the day, which is
really interesting.
But what can you share about
France and its cooperation
or relationship
with different ETs?
>>MARTIN: Yes, that's
very interesting
because I wasn't
aware of that myself,
and I was surprised
when I was told
by one of the secret
services in France
telling me that the
French government had
worked with the Grey aliens
for the last 50 years.
And that was big news to me.
Obviously, it's not
surprising, but the fact
that the French had knowledge
and not just knowledge,
but also bases of
crafts in the Alps,
for example, close to the German
border and the Swiss border,
and they had bases over there.
There's also
Jean-Pierre Petit, who
was a French scientist who was
working for main scientific lab
in Paris.
And then he got contacted
by some aliens or messages
through documents
called the Ummites.
And the Ummites had information
on reverse engineering
or technology.
He was a scientist so
he looked at the codes,
and the codes were
very advanced.
And so he believed
that a regular hoaxer
wouldn't have done that.
It was too complex
and he wrote about it.
And he was fired from his
job from making it public.
But what I've discovered was
the French equivalent of NASA,
also have developed
technologies to create
glass holes portals inside
of a lab on a smaller scale.
And I talked to one
of the scientists who
told me and explained,
again for fun,
saying that while they
were doing the experiments,
they were throwing Coca-Cola
bottles through the glass hole.
The bottle was disappearing.
And on the screen they
could see its path going
to someplace in the cosmos.
It's almost like they
were able to harness
one of those natural
portals that they
were able to bring back into
this lab on a smaller scale.
I don't know how
they were doing it,
but that's what they were
trying to explain to me.
So that portal was
not fixed in place.
It was movable.
>>JOSH: So they didn't create a
portal, they moved into a lab.
>>MARTIN: They moved it into
a lab on a smaller space.
And throwing that can
was enough to show
that the portal recognized
that was the only space needed
so it stayed small.
When they threw the
can, it was stay
in the same dimension as the
can, it was not going any bigger
or trying to be
expanding to the point
that it could literally
swallow the whole lab.
So it stayed in a
very controlled zone
in the lab to use
small objects, only
using small objects
to throw through
and trying to find out
where it was going.
>>JOSH: I have 80 questions.
So the portals adapt to the
size of the object trying
to walk through it.
So if you walk through
it, it'd be like,
oh, I'll get a little
bigger for you.
>>MARTIN: Yes, that's right.
>>JOSH: And then the
Coke bottle does that
and it just does it intuitively.
It just knows what's--
>>MARTIN: It knows itself.
It knows how to
adapt to whatever
shape and forms come through.
>>JOSH: Wow, that's fascinating.
Just to clarify, what you mean
by glass portal or glass hole,
that's not actually glass.
>>MARTIN: No, it's not glass.
But this is, again, I'm
only repeating the names
that those guys repeated
because I remote
viewed the actual portal itself
and the whole experience.
And I was able to see it
looking like a drinking glass.
And so it felt
like you could see
if you look at from the
bottom of the glass,
you can see the shapes
distorting and pretty much
the same thing as what you
would see through that portal.
You could see the lab behind
the actual glass hole,
so you could see the
lab, it was distorted.
So it's not like you were
able to see through it
and see what's in the
cosmos, you are only
seeing what was in the lab,
but in a distorted manner.
>>JOSH: But this was less
about where they were going,
it was more about moving the
portal around and using the--
>>MARTIN: That's interesting.
I don't know how
they were doing it.
Again, I do believe that they
used the help of the Greys
to move that portal.
I think the Greys, pretty
much like all races,
have access to that cosmic
map that we talked about.
So the Greys have
access to the same maps,
but they also have
access to other portals
on the planet where they
know where they're located.
They use it to even
send a craft through,
and sometimes to escape
curiosity from most people,
and sometimes even
our own military.
So they basically decide
to be very evasive
and use portals to go in and
out of places without being
detected.
>>JOSH: Do you have any more
information about the Greys
and their bases in the Alps?
>>MARTIN: Sort of, yes.
I know that they have, within
the Alps mountains, basically
closer to let's say a
large meadow a field.
And then right above
that, you basically
enter the mountain into a base
that's inside the mountain.
So it's not really high up.
The access to those bases are
pretty close to the ground.
Most people would think,
oh, there are so high up
that it's hard to access.
But for some reason,
that one base
I've seen remote
viewing it in the Alps,
I could see the green meadow,
I could see the entryway,
and the entrance actually opens
up the mountain shapeshifts
and is completely
cloaked and crafts go in
and then the
mountain forms again.
So it's like you don't
see any entryway.
There's nothing.
It's just pure mountain.
I haven't seen the
inside of the facility,
I've never remote
viewed what was inside.
I only remote viewed
the exterior of it.
>>JOSH: So it's
not really a door,
just like they can
materialize through it.
>>MARTIN: It's
kind of materialize
like a rectangular shape opens
up, and then the craft goes in,
and then it just shape
back into the mountain.
It's like there's no
doorway, there's nothing.
It's pure visual.
>>JOSH: I heard that before.
That lines up actually.
I once remember hearing
about a physicist who
was the director of the
National Center for Scientific
Research in France, and
he spoke about ET contact.
What can you tell me about that?
>>MARTIN: So this is
the Jean-Pierre Petit,
that's the man who basically
received the documents
about the Ummites.
And so he was in
charge of the CNRS
in France, which is the main
research for the equivalent
of NASA, basically in France.
And when he received
this information,
it was definitely a language
or code that was known to man,
but it was very advanced
quantum knowledge, basically,
that he was able to use for
his own books and propulsion
systems.
>>JOSH: I think you just said
a new ET species I've never
heard of before, Ummites?
>>MARTIN: Ummites,
U-M-M-I-T-E-S.
>>JOSH: Who are these guys?
>>MARTIN: No one really knows.
Those beings were never
in contact physically
with Jean-Pierre
Petit or anybody else.
They first appeared in Spain
and they shared information
through computers with a
journalist at the time in Spain.
And Jean-Pierre Petit
received the information
because I believe he had
one of his friends working
for one of those news agencies.
And so he was able
to read the codes
or the mathematical
equations that were given,
pages and pages of it.
And it didn't really make
sense for journalists,
but as a scientist,
Jean-Pierre Petit,
was able to read it
and understand it.
And he said, this
is very coherent.
This is not coming from
a hoaxer because it
shows mathematical equations
that are not known to us yet.
>>JOSH: Yet?
>>MARTIN: Yet, but
it makes sense.
So he was able to decipher
the codes because there
were some elements of
it that he understood
because he knew of them.
But there were new
information that he
had to wrap his brain
around because he said,
this is new information.
And so he even did presentations
years later on those equations
for saying this is basically
information on how to create
a new propulsion system.
>>JOSH: Oh, wow.
So they were sharing how to?
>>MARTIN: Exactly, yes.
But because of that knowledge
and because of Jean-Pierre
Petit's involvement with
that and making it public,
he lost his job because of it.
>>JOSH: Wow.
Well, some reason that
doesn't surprise me,
but backing up a little bit.
So we don't know what
these beings look
like, we don't know the basics.
They communicated through,
you said a computer?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>JOSH: And we gave
the code and we
knew it was some
advanced species and then
that was shared.
But we didn't know anything
else about the species?
>>MARTIN: No, we don't.
>>JOSH: Because I
know I personally,
to be honest with
you, would want
to know every little detail,
you know what I mean.
But that's OK, that's still
amazingly fascinating.
>>MARTIN: I still
find it interesting
that those beings decided to
share mathematical equations
that made sense to really
advance strong scientists who
are able to write about it.
And they basically
didn't know much about
those beings, where
they came from,
have they tried to interact
with other human beings?
Nobody knew because all
they did was communicating
through computers.
So that's the reason
why at the time
it was said that this was a
hoax because nobody believed
that this could be real.
And Jean-Pierre
Petit kept saying,
no, this is not a
hoax because I know
that those equations are very
real and it makes sense to me.
So someone who was not really
strong enough or had at least
had a PhD level could not
have done those notes.
>>JOSH: Wow.
>>MARTIN: There's no way.
>>JOSH: Well, it's interesting.
It sounds like they
wanted to help us.
It seems like a benevolent
species that reached out,
for whatever reason,
to help push us along
from a technology standpoint.
>>MARTIN: Exactly.
So what's interesting to me
is while Jean-Pierre Petit did
some presentations with these,
he even wrote a book about it.
And then he decided to do
presentations in America
and other countries about
that new propulsion system.
And I don't know
exactly where it went.
I don't know if he took
track or anything else,
but I wouldn't be surprised
if the US government decided
to take it on because maybe
they already knew about it,
maybe they didn't, and maybe
they were trying to compare
the notes, I guess between the
Pleiadians and the Ummites,
I don't know.
>>JOSH: Is there any details of
what this propulsion system was
or how it differs from anything?
>>MARTIN: I don't know.
>>JOSH: You don't
know, just some new--
>>MARTIN: I don't remember.
I believe it was written, in
details by Jean-Pierre Petit,
but I don't remember
the facts on that one.
>>JOSH: Fair enough, that's OK.
With all these
different ET races
cooperating with different
governments around the world,
are all their
agendas matching up?
Are they competing
against each other?
Are they cooperating?
What is the overall
picture here?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, I do believe
that they each are cooperating
with the governments
for a specific agenda,
like the Pleiadians helping
with reverse engineering,
even helping Lockheed
Martin, for example.
They won't admit to that, but
that's what they're doing.
And the way they describe
that technology and what
those technologies
can do today is
far beyond what we can
design without their help.
So the advancements
in technology
has been very drastic
in the last years.
Basically it's an advancement
of technology for us
by 50 to 60 years within just
the last few years that we got.
So the new technologies
that will be coming up
that will be used by either the
SSP or even by the US government
alone, will be far more advanced
than what they used in the past.
So it's easily confused
with actual UAPs
that people see in the
sky because sometimes they
even look the same.
So it's very confusing,
and the governments
won't say this is ours.
They won't even
mention it because it's
too top secret at that
point, maybe down the line.
But today they won't mention it.
>>JOSH: Got it.
Well, once again, Sébastien,
that was amazing information.
Thank you for being
on Cosmic Disclosure.
>>MARTIN: Thank you
for having me again.
Thank you.
>>JOSH: With that,
I'm Josh Golembeske.
You're watching
Cosmic Disclosure.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]